Over the last lectures we add at state management via ngi our X to our off module and tudy off really
debt part of our application.
Now there is one thing we don't manage through NTR X yet though and these are asynchronous tasks or
in-general side effects where a side effect simply describes something which is kind of related to dispatching
actions but doesn't alter our state directly like here where we reach out to the web and try to create
a new user with email and password.
This happens once we do something we click on the submit button on the sign up for him so we could say
that we want to emit an action there or dispatch an action there.
However we don't directly want to alter our story though we don't want to change our store or even if
we do.
We do have one additional thing we have to do.
Overkilled we have to run which is not related to our store.
And that's this HTP request made Rudy firebase STK in this case.
But we could also use the angle or HTP client and other cases where we target our API eyes.
So this is a so-called side effect.
And right now we're handling it at our servers and once it's done we dispatched the action which alters
our store energy or X gives us a more elegant way of handling these side effects such that we don't
have to leave DNG or ex-world for that and for that we need to install a new package.
So let's do this now or quit as you surf with Control-C and then install with an STOL dash dash save
d at N-G r x slash effects package.
This gives us a new package which makes handling side effects.
So mainly asynchronous tasks but doesn't have to be asynchronous very easy.
So with that install can restart MGE serve and now in the off store folder or add a new file which will
name of Daut effects.
Yes because this should handle all the side effects I might have in this fall.
I'll export a new class which will name all of the facts so normal class and in this class we can now
set up a so-called side effect which in the beginning is simply a property for example off.
Sign up for our sign up side effect.
Now to turn this into an effect managed by at Engy are x effects we add at effect here.
This is a decorator to be imported from ET and your X effects.
We all have to add parentheses there no dis registers this property in the NDR X effects world we could
say an entry or X will therefore watch this property and will basically execute the code we assign on
the right side of it.
Well depending on some conditions we define there.
So let's dive deeper into this and create our first effect and understand how it works in the next lecture.